🔥(eucalyptus/3/*) remove settings related to cross-process queues (#178)
openfun/openedx-docker: releases/eucalyptus/3/bare/CHANGELOG.md

- Make ORA2 configurable and use filesystem backend by default
- Stop inheriting from MKTG_URL_LINK_MAP default setting

> - Remove code to extend CELERY_QUEUES for cross-process workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Removed

- Alternate queues settings to extend CELERY_QUEUES for cross-process workers
```
